Saturday night the rematch between
heavyweight boxers and II Ruiz jr. and
Anthony Joshua Ruiz won the first fight
was a big upset he was 23 1 2 1 underdog
he won it with a TKO and America fell
immediately in love with him and we did
too so in preparation for this big fight
we sent our own heavyweight Guillermo to
team Luiz jr. training camp if you
choose true you got to tell me that true
ok but if you choose punch I'm gonna
punch you can I punch you too a little
bit but not too hard ok ok true a punch
truth when do you lost your virginity
when I was 12 years old
what 12 I love it when I was 14 14 yeah
that's what the Mexican trigger punch
true what do you like better your wife
for tequila
[Laughter]
[Applause]
through a punch true if you go back on
time will you punch
Adolf Hitler you know I got from Germany
yeah I will thank you
[Music]
what's the most illegal thing that you
ever done Oh what one day a lady left
her ATM card in the machine so I push a
hundred and I got a hundred back and
then I left but you definitely deserve a
punch I did for that all right I feel
like a pinata man true a punch truth
what's your favorite body part I will
say my where walls new levels he says
web was you know his where was are his
balls truth or punch all truth have you
ever peed in the pool oh yeah yeah yeah
meet you
truth or puns true the bunch
have you ever taken a naked selfie no no
no I have you have yeah it's still happy
with you I do yeah can I see it maybe
for a good plans all right for a good
punch on the wrist thank you for plain
true Oh punch
thank you saving for Anthony Joshua
Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
I can't believe he's stole money out of
an ATM oh no I'm just kidding
yo yeah all right watch relief feed your
birds Joshua Saturday night on the zone
hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way by my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
through it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
or watch another gaming video and don't
help kids it's up to you